Minuet framework for OddString

GOAL: OddString is designed expecially for Guitar and Bass players to give them the possibilites to extend they sounds they made and to control them without learning new difficult techniques.
People: every guitar-like instruments (Player). The role of the audience is quite relevant, because this device should add more transparency to the performance of the guitar players that use some wierd effects.
Activities: OddString is designed to let musician trigger digital effects without altering their basic techinques to much.
	Motivation: guitars-like instruments players are often limited in using digital effect because they have their both hands most of the time on the instruments.
	Collaboration: Useful for live performance
	Learning curve: there is just an initial complexitiy to become familiar with this device, but this device is designed to be controlled using the familiar techniques of the musicians.
Contexs:
	Music style: every music genres that fit with the players creativity
	Physical Envirionment: Just have a guitar. This interface is designed for live performance.
	Social Environment: individual experience, but it makes some guitarists and bassists' dream come true, the rest of the band will enjoy it (maybe not). Audience will enjoy the transparency of the performance.


SPECIFICATIONS: 
control:  	according to the patch, it can provide every type of control. However in its basic form, it should provide low and mid level
Mapping: 	1xRibbond potentiomiter = continuous scale range of value.
			3xTouchpad: trigger
Operational Freedom: there no limits because it is just a controller
Embodied Facilitation: to be designed to let the musician performs which much freedom as possibile without altering its techniques too much.
Input: 		players could interact on a semantic level, through visual, tactile or semiotic gestures, knowing what kind of sound they are controlling.
Feedback: 	F1-feedback: visual, tactile
			F2-feedack: auditory